DOC: doc update (#6)
stfc/openstack-query-library: docs/developer_docs/OVERVIEW.md

   - and how to get those values from the equivalent Openstack object
 - what preset-property pairs are valid for `where()` calls.
 - what shared common properties (if any) are available between this resource and other resources - for chaining
 - map the query to the corresponding "runner" class

> Each Query has a corresponding file called `<name_of_resource>_mapping`. The files is located in `/lib/openstack_query/mappings/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Query has a corresponding file called `<name_of_resource>_mapping`. The files is located in `openstackquery/mappings/`
```

The API must be unchanging - as a developer you will not need to interact with this file unless you are adding a new
API method - e.g. adding a new way to output results

> **NOTE: Deleting or Altering an API method requires approval from maintainers and a good reason since it may break

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE: Deleting or altering an API method requires approval from maintainers and a good reason since it may break
```
